you everybody his reptile nuptials on
is found for a new video so
a short video story of you
show the new decor of the fact that
cerium of this quarter is to show you
a nice little system when like
I have not planned water filtration
at fund level bin Behold the
he sleeps them quietly
so at the level of decoration so I
pink as you can see handle
also the branches
I added some and still have some margin to
this level
so of course I'm doing little by little
like that the plants grow up
plants from the fund she grows small to
small and manage rising every time the
branches and I add new ones
plants every time you that the decor
is getting better and better so here it is
it's a little dull colors this
that he had he was cold right now
it is not very hot
so here is the decor below there is a
plant that is alas will turn off kahina
may
she died so I think of a water to
an incompatibility at the level of
plants
but I also think he was very
tight at the fence in the corner
she had not much light but
otherwise all the others grow very
well
here is the background there is a bit of clouds so
you see the bottom is a little
scary and there are ball colonists who get
develop if I'm wrong that's it
no
so that's it's these are small animals
which degrades the organic matter of
funds that recycle all that
so that's fine it creates
a little world fauna sighs a
recycling system
So here small system when too
back at the bottom tray it's
a bottle that I drilled game them
push in the substrate to the bottom
and I inserted a small pump
so I'm going to show you this to more than
details we do not see very well in
big is a little pump the pipe
part of
and he goes in another big bottle
to recycle water otherwise as a plant
I added a post what I put
in order to ski during and to garnish
a little bit above and I added a
deer horn fern it's like that
so that's called for good
hang the branches together and
your cerium flex for easter and
risks with your chameleon so there is
a technique is very simple
punch holes in the branches and
as well to pass launched risks like
it's called or necklaces things
plastic and balls and the tip that
you cut because it can be a
little edge for your truck
so that's fine that allows that
you see the branches either nas is
well hung between them so we can
hide the white sweetbreads
Here some clashes between them
so here for the decor so I think
add other plants of course
I think even turbo is also
add a lot of branches
history that the cage the protection
touch totally above
so there is still 30 cm still put
fine bark of cork with
hang tillandsia I really
found some good stuff
why not put it so here is my
chameleon is doing very well he still has his
problem with the language
I really think it 's
birth but that does not prevent to live
and to feed
so here it was a little video
story to show you a little the
new decor and talk to you a little bit of
this quarter I hope this video you
will have been and will have pleased you so do not hesitate
not to the laity and my facebook page to
soft on twitter to b in the bar
info from the video thanks for having
watched this video and do not forget
subscriber you are going ciao